Previously on
Original Sin...
No! No! No--
♪ percussive music ♪
You're going?
You're my C.I.
- And I'm married.
- Harry?
You're back.
- What are you doing up?
- I'm pregnant.
What do you think?
I think it's wonderful.
- Aaron?
- Becca?
Have you seen the news?
I'm a little busy.
- Too busy for your son?
- That's not fair.
Nelson's been to see--
Don't say
that prick's name to me.
- He's my fiancé.
- He's a fucking homewrecker!
Stop playing
the fucking victim...
They'll be in there a while.
Going on double dates together,
my brother and my bestie?
Of course I'll have to bag
a boyfriend of my own.
Call me sometime.
Hey, ladies!
Need a lift?
My mom got it for me last week.
First one off the lot.
Oh, shoot.
We're all out of room.
This is bullshit.
Levi was with me that night.
You ever seen this woman before?
She was totally stoned.
Obviously lying.
Willfully disregarding
a good-faith alibi
constitutes
suppression of evidence.
Case dismissed.
You're free to go.
What happened
with Levi Reed this morning
was a major fuckup.
I saved your job.
You're gonna be working
the bottom of the homicide list
with LaGuerta
until this cools down.
No! Let me go! No!
I want to go home!
I will not stop until Jimmy
has been safely returned
to his family.
If you do not release him,
you will pay the ultimate price.
♪ percussive music ♪
Nicky, put your shoes on.
Come on, we're already late.
Hey, I mean it.
In the car now.
And please turn that thing down.
It's driving me nuts.
Oranges.
Seat belt on.
Talking to no one.
Oh, shit.
Mom?
Mom! Help! Help!
♪ thrilling music ♪
What?
You were taking too long.
Tomorrow night,
you'll drive me and Sofia.
We'll meet Gio
at the restaurant.
A double date.
You can't wear those Dickies
or Dockers or whatever
the fuck they're called.
Dad says I look fine.
If looking
like a goddamn plumber
is fine, then go on ahead.
But you've got to have
something better than that.
Wait, what are you doing?
Raiding your fucking closet,
dingus!
I need you to look good.
You're gonna be meeting Gio
for the first time.
I can't have you looking
like some...
- weirdo fucking jizz-bot.
- What?
Somewhere out there
a grandfather is
looking for his vest.
Put 'em on.
The thing is,
I actually like this guy.
So don't embarrass me.
I need him to think
that I'm cool.
And that my family is cool.
Put that on.
Tomorrow night,
act normal.
You know... cool.
And don't,
under any circumstances,
be yourself.
Not a problem.
Perfect.
Guys in plaid make Sofia wet.
Some kind of weird lumberjack
fetish she has going on.
She'll love it,
but more importantly,
she'll love you in it.
Dex, time for work.
We got a new crime scene.
Why does there always seem to be
a dead body
more important than me?
When do I get to meet
this, uh, Gio fella?
Oh, never.
Keep an eye on her.
Report back on the boyfriend.
Let's get to work.
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
We've interviewed people
in and around the building.
No one recognizes the victim.
Another loner.
Thank you.
So, Detective Morgan.
You get demoted,
and as punishment,
you're assigned to me?
I'm just here to help
however I can.
Whatcha got?
Uh, no drug paraphernalia.
No signs of use.
No track marks.
No defensive wounds.
No skin under the fingernails.
Ligature marks on the wrists.
Previous injuries,
likely self-inflicted.
Bruising on the upper biceps.
Like he was held
against his will.
The murder weapon.
It's a plastic bag, Dexter.
No.
It's two.
Second bag?
The victim must've
fought back the first time.
Tore a hole in the bag
so he could breathe.
Then he used the second bag
to finish the job.
No.
His hands were tied.
The killer removed the binds
before he left.
So if the victim couldn't have
removed them himself,
then who poked
a hole in the first bag?
♪ suspenseful music ♪
Stop.
He wanted to savor the kill.
Make it last longer.
Even brought a spare bag
like it was part of the plan.
What are you doing?!
He wanted to see the fear
in the victim's eyes
as he died.
It was pleasurable for him.
That's a weird way to put it.
I see similarities.
To what?
What if this victim
and the last two we found--
the one in Overtown and the
sex worker in Coconut Grove--
what if they're all connected?
Well, they were all killed
in different ways.
Gunshot, suffocation,
now asphyxiation.
There's no consistent M.O.
No, the method
isn't consistent because
the killer's still
learning what he enjoys.
How he likes to kill?
Each kill has been more refined.
More...
...intimate.
It's...
...evolving.
These could all
just be coincidences.
Muggings gone wrong.
None of the victims were robbed.
Now the FBI
defines a serial killer
as someone
who's killed three times.
I believe this kill
might make number three.
It's an interesting theory,
Dexter,
but I don't think it has legs.
Not yet.
Let the detectives
build the case.
You stick to gathering evidence.
♪ gentle music ♪
Oh, God!
Oh, God.
What is it?
Feel like I should be going.
I-I'm sure she's
wondering where I am.
I never thought
I'd be the other woman.
And I don't feel good about it.
This thing...
I mean,
I didn't expect it, either.
Didn't you?
Those two things
led to another.
So what's next then?
Well, we should probably
stop doing this
with the baby coming so soon.
I meant with the case.
It's been nearly a year.
When are you gonna let me
off the hook?
Just a little longer.
You know, I'm starting
to doubt you mean it.
We've almost gathered
enough evidence
to put Estrada away.
His whole organization.
We just need you
to get a meeting with him.
Then we can close this case
once and for all.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
I'm gonna get you out soon.
I promise.
You have to trust me.
Go home to your wife.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
Levi Reed would make
kill number three for me.
He deserved to die.
Because of Harry's mistake
in court,
he slipped through the cracks.
But there was no doubt.
He fit the Code.
Still, a part of me knew,
with this kill
being number three...
...that it was a big decision.
- What you got there, Dexter?
- Oh, nothing.
Printer just ate it up.
So, any fun plans for the night?
I have a friend in town.
Gonna show him around.
Boys' night out.
Uh, excuse me.
Sanders.
Yes, he's here.
♪ tense, dark music ♪
I'll let him know.
Shit! Damn it!
Here she comes.
Thank God you're okay.
This is your fault.
You need to back away.
You realize Becca
was left tied and gagged
in the garage for hours?
No, because you're the one
- living in my goddamn house.
- You knew
that they targeted the kids
of public officials,
and then you went on national
television and threatened them?
I am doing my job.
None of this would've happened
- if you hadn't played the--
- None of this would've happened
had you not been fucking my wife
behind my back
for the last 14 years.
- You--
-  Stop!
Hey! Hey!
- No, no, no. No, no, no.
- Captain!
Back up! Captain.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
Becca.
Becca, this is really important,
and I need you to think.
There was just one man.
You're sure about that?
Um...
I think so.
You think so? Or you know?
Well, he was behind me.
So, I-I couldn't see.
Can you describe him?
Describe him how?
Was he short? Tall?
- What was he wearing?
- Um...
Did he smell like cigarettes?
- What race was he?
- He was wearing a mask.
So, I-I mean,
I just saw him for a second
before he just...
Anything you recall? Even...
-  Stop.
- Even his shoes
could make a difference
between finding Nicky and--
Stop.
I should've protected him.
This is my fault. I'm s...
Find him.
Please.
Please, just find him.
Let me give you a minute, okay?
Hey. Aaron.
I just heard.
How you holding up?
Listen, just say the words,
I-I got your back.
Thanks, Harry.
You know you'd be
my right-hand man
if it wasn't for the--
- Mayor's orders.
- Yeah.
So, what are you
thinking, Aaron?
First Judge Powell, now me?
Think Nelson's right.
This job is a fucking hazard.
Nobody said it wasn't.
Yeah.
But, you know,
we need guys like you,
taking these assholes down,
keeping people safe.
If we didn't, God knows
what they'd get away with.
I'm gonna find
this son of a bitch,
and make him pay
for what he's done.
We're gonna get
your boy back, Aaron.
- All right?
- Yeah.
♪ slow, dark music ♪
Levi Reed was a big dude.
If I was gonna take him down,
I had to get this right.
And this stalking thing
was new to me.
Virgin, right?
♪ For the arriving... ♪
But it was also exciting.
- Cheers.
-  Ooh.
Watching Levi when he
wasn't slaughtering families...
♪ Now you're the prettiest... ♪
♪ No party she'd not attend... ♪
He seemed almost...
One, two, three.
...normal.
You hit it, see, see?
Look it, look it.
Did these moves
actually work on women?
♪ To be found ♪
♪ "Nothing... ♪
Asked and answered.
♪ Kiss them for me ♪
♪ Kiss them for me... ♪
Guys like Levi
were creatures of habit.
Animals that relied
on their base desires
and instincts.
I had to find a way
to use that to my advantage.
♪ tense, atmospheric music ♪
Let's celebrate.
I just really,
I want to have fun.
Yeah, good. Okay.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
Levi Reed really liked
to leave his mark on the world.
My own ritual was growing.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
Evolving.
Hang on. Dex.
What's the Morgan family
up to this weekend?
Gene and I were gonna
take the boat out.
You want to come with?
Wish I could,
but Deb and I have
a double date.
Oh, Dexter.
I'm so glad you're putting
yourself out there.
If you ever want
to borrow the boat,
it's a great way
to show a girl a good time.
♪ slow, contemplative music ♪
Everything all right?
Just thinking about Nicky.
Poor kid.
Out there all alone,
enduring God knows what.
We have ten days.
- Hmm?
- With the Powell boy,
it was 12 days
before the body showed up.
Finger on day four,
body on day 12.
We're not certain
that they're connected,
and even if they are,
we're not gonna let it
get that far.
Not this time.
We're gonna do everything
in our power to save that kid.
Justice. We all wanted it.
In our own way.
Break time's over, newbie.
Better get back to it.
He probably just
wants to show me
some more dubious bodily fluids.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
- How are things?
- Just listening.
All right.
Okay.
Making my way
to the meeting point.
You starting to get excited
about the baby?
I mean, Doris has got
to be close now.
- Any day now.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I hope you get your boy.
Me, too.
Okay, I think she's there now.
Quite the operation.
Come inside.
Something we wanted you to see.
♪ dark, suspenseful music ♪
Alfredo here
was taking a little something
for himself.
Alfredo?
Greedy fingers.
Skimming off the top.
We don't like it
when people take money from us.
Fuck.
Tried to deny it, too.
Isn't that right, Alfredo?
It's okay.
All good things...
...must come to an end.
This is what happens
to liars, Laura.
Jesus!
Enough about him.
Let's focus on you.
A little something
to remember us by.
You heard that.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
It'll ruin a year's worth
of work.
I can't let her die in there.
Looks like you just got
yourself a promotion.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait.
Now get out of here.
She's fine. Fuckers let her go.
It was date night,
and I realized
there were some things
I couldn't prepare for.
Hi, I'm Gio.
- Sofia.
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Heard a lot about you, man.
Nice teeth... man.
Thanks.
Sit with Sofia, dipshit.
Just thought
if I was on that side,
it'd be easier to...
- look at you.
- Mm.
Get whatever you want.
Dinner is on me tonight.
Great.
Are we ready to order?
- I think that we need...
- Double bacon cheeseburger
with fries, a side
of onion rings,
and an order of
the spicy hot wings.
Oh, and a large Coke.
Actually, I don't
really like spicy.
You did order
for me, too, right?
No, that's all for me.
Okay, then.
Uh, what about
for the rest of you?
Now that you're done
stuffing your face,
how about we move on to
the Q&A portion of the evening?
Sorry, let me just...
How's the internship been, Dex?
Pretty good.
Care to elaborate?
Oh, uh, I worked
a murder case yesterday.
Juicy.
The victim had been suffocated.
Massive retinal hemorrhaging.
Looked like he was gonna
bleed out from his eyes.
Edema made his face
swell up like a balloon,
and his upper torso was
completely blue due to cyanosis.
Like the color of your top, Deb.
Darts?
- Come on, give it to him, Deb.
- Let's go. Let's go.
- Bull's-eye, bitch.
- Great shot, Deb.
The only thing that
could've made it better
is if Tiffany's face
was the target.
A-fucking-men.
It's fine,
- just give it another go.
- There's no use,
I suck at this.
One, two, three. Oh.
Uh, here, let me show you
how it's done.
♪ Waiting for a sign from you ♪
♪ Waiting for
a signal to change ♪
Oh, my God! It worked!
Maybe I had learned
a thing or two from Levi.
- My bad.
- Hey, asshole!
You call that an apology,
come mierda?
♪ Your boots
are high-heeled... ♪
Dude, I'm sorry, okay?
I'll buy her another one.
Let's play out this scenario.
You buy her another drink,
we have to see you again.
♪ Flower in the morning... ♪
Just leave.
♪ Dying in my hand ♪
♪ Was it all in vain? ♪
Nobody messes with my girl.
♪ Superstar in your
own private movie ♪
Here. You can
pretend the dartboard
is that guy's face.
♪ But I'm no fool ♪
♪ I know you're cool ♪
♪ I never really
wanted your heart ♪
Drank too much Coke.
Back in a jiff.
♪ You're the keeper of the key ♪
♪ Nothing seems to bring
you down ♪
♪ Your boots are high-heeled
and are shining bright ♪
♪ The sun was sparkling
on the shaft of your knife... ♪
Oh, this is the men's room.
I know that.
♪ Superstar in
your own private movie... ♪
Uh, maybe you should
wash your hands.
There's a whole
petri dish of bacteria
on that door handle alone.
Don't worry,
I won't be using my hands.
Turns out
dating wasn't so complicated.
It was maybe even
kind of... fun.
♪ exciting music ♪
Did you just lose your...
Car keys?
No. Got 'em right here.
Well, we need you
and your car keys.
We have work to do.
Work? What work?
We're gonna fuck with Tiffany.
I am so psyched.
Wait. What?
Hurry up.
We don't want to wake Tiffany.
Sorry,
it's not cooperating.
Want me to give it a try?
♪ playful music ♪
Way to go, Dex.
Hey, do you need us to get you?
Nah, nah, I live close by
where we're gonna ditch her car.
We can walk back to my place.
Great.
Just, uh, me and Dex then, huh?
Let's go.
No beauty sleep
for Tiff tonight.
Here we go. Safe and sound.
Um, everything okay?
Do you want to, like,
maybe hang out again
tomorrow night?
Oh, I can't
tomorrow night. I'm...
- Killing someone.
- ...bowling.
Bowling?
Yeah, I'd invite you
but it's a league practice.
You're in a bowling league?
You don't look 45.
Or divorced.
Call me then.
♪ playful music ♪
Dating was fun,
but it was also exhausting.
♪ I have been waiting for ♪
♪ All my life ♪
♪ All my life... ♪
She's gonna be freaking out
for the next 24 hours.
Better have Mommy call AAA.
Hey, what are you
- doing down there?
- Oh, shit.
♪ upbeat salsa music ♪
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
- We need a fucking lead.
-  Working on it, Captain.
We're re-examining all forensics
in case anything was missed.
Eyes on the prize,
Detective Morgan.
We've got
our own cases to solve.
Felix Woodard. 23.
He'd been picked up
for petty theft and loitering.
But look right here.
No next of kin. No friends.
Completely isolated.
Just like
the other two victims.
Maybe there is something
to Dexter's theory.
Two is a coincidence.
Three's a pattern.
You really think
they're connected?
If we're dealing with
a serial killer here,
he's choosing his victims
on purpose.
Because no one will miss them.
♪ ominous music ♪
I can't go back in there.
I won't come out alive.
These people are serious.
Dead fucking serious.
Mm.
I want you to get me out.
Okay? And don't give me this
"just a little longer" bullshit.
I am gonna end up dead.
I can keep you safe.
No, you can't.
You knew the deal you took.
I mean, this is how
I've been able to keep you
out of jail,
at home with the boys.
You really think you're
the white knight in all of this.
Tell me something,
would you send
your wife in there?
- Hey, Harry, you got to go.
- Not now.
Yes, now. It's Doris.
Baby's coming.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
You're here.
Of course I'm here.
Would you like
to meet your daughter?
Oh, come here.
I'll get her head.
Yeah.
-  There we go.
- Yeah.
Oh, little... oh.
She's perfect.
I was thinking of
asking Bobby
to be the godfather.
Yeah.
Harry, you're a father again.
You know
what that means, don't you?
You need to end it.
Doris...
I've known for a while.
Whoever it is,
you can't see her anymore.
You have to promise me.
I promise.
It's over.
♪ ominous music ♪
♪ mysterious music ♪
Tonight was the night.
It all came down to this.
Waiting for nature to call.
I had prepared. I was ready.
And nothing
was gonna get in my--
- Uh...
- Clark.
Dexter.
Uh, I was just...
out with some friends.
I was just... taking a walk.
Hey, gorgeous.
Oh. Nice.
Well, I got to go
pick up a friend.
Catch you tomorrow.
♪ I've been
thinking about you ♪
♪ I've been thinking about you ♪
♪ You-oou ♪
♪ I, I... ♪
♪ I feel so in love ♪
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ What can I do? ♪
♪ I've been thinking about you ♪
I've been thinking
about you, too.
♪ slow, dark music ♪
Killing and romance...
Turned out the two
had some things in common.
They were both so much
about the anticipation.
The buildup.
And then... the happy ending.
What the fuck?
You should thank me.
I kind of saved your life.
What?
Do you know who I am?
No. Should I?
I'm Dexter Morgan.
Harry Morgan's son?
Morgan, the cop?
The night you went free,
Harry was there.
He was gonna
blow your brains out.
Bullshit.
He would've too,
if I hadn't been there.
To stop him.
Harry's not that kind of guy.
He couldn't have
lived with the guilt
and shame of killing you.
So, what?
You're Daddy's little henchman?
You do this for him?
Harry did this for me.
He trained me.
Gave me all the skills
necessary to make sure
someone like you
never hurts anyone ever again.
This whole thing...
...it's kind of
a big deal for me.
Say hello to
the people you killed.
Tonight, I become...
a bona-fide serial killer.
Once I kill you, that is.
Strange to think, me...
...a serial killer.
I'm not sure
how I feel about it yet.
You're fucking crazy.
Fucking kill you, motherfucker--
Why did you kill them?
You could've robbed them
when nobody was home,
but you chose a time
when they'd be there.
Yeah...
I wanted to see them
beg for their lives.
See the fear in their eyes.
Especially the little ones.
You think you're
different from me?
You're not different.
I can read it
all over your face.
You love it
just as much as I do.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I can see
some similarities.
But there's a very important
difference between you and me.
What's that?
I don't kill innocent people.
Children.
My dad gave me a Code.
I only kill the ones
who deserve it.
And you, Levi Reed...
...you deserve it.
♪ tense music ♪
For those of you I don't know,
I'm Assistant Chief Borlee.
I'm here to assure everyone
that the full force
of Miami Metro is behind you.
Now, are we certain these
two cases are connected?
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Carl, you have a judge
and a police captain
known for being hard on cartels
that have been targeted.
Of course
they're goddamn connected!
Maybe you should go take a walk?
Maybe grab a cup of coffee?
No, I am not leaving
this goddamn room.
What evidence did we find
at the crime scene?
We swept the garage
and the house.
I mean, whoever did this
knew what they were doing.
They didn't leave
anything behind.
The entire crime scene
was wiped clean.
They even managed to avoid the
oil spot on the garage floor.
Aaron, there's nothing to go on.
Run the Powell timeline.
Yeah, uh, Jimmy Powell
was kidnapped
on the way to school on day one.
His severed finger showed up
in the parents'
daily mail delivery on day four.
And then on day 12...
You're wasting my time.
- I need leads.
-  We might have the lead.
We looked into
high-ranking cartel members
that both you and Judge Powell
helped put away.
Rafael Campos,
head of the Los Tigres cartel.
Doing 25 years
for drug trafficking.
You arrested him,
and Judge Powell
threw the book at him.
I remember this guy.
Yeah, we think he might be
pulling the strings.
His guys on the street are known
for being a young crew.
Extremely violent.
Extremely unpredictable.
And we're looking into it.
We're hoping to find
an address before Nicky...
Just stop dancing around
the fucking word.
That goes for every one of you.
- Do you understand me?
-  Yes, Captain.
I know what is at stake here.
And this...
could happen to Nicky
in the next few days
if we don't find him!
Aaron, you need to step out
for a sec.
Keep going.
You are too close to this.
Get out of my goddamn precinct.
I have work to do.
- You need to take a breath.
- "Take a breath." Really?
-  And a step back.
-  Oh, and a step back?
You have five kids, right?
- Y-Yeah.
- Yeah. Right.
Tell me, what would you do?
Honestly, I'm in no position--
Well, I am. I'm right
in the fucking thick of it.
My son got snatched from me.
From everything that he knows.
And he's out there somewhere.
Scared shitless.
And that's killing me.
Emotions can be a distraction
in an investigation.
Oh, do you really think
I'm gonna do something
- to jeopardize this--
- Come on, you know this, Aaron.
I'm the last person
to fuck this up,
because if I do, my son dies.
♪ dark, dramatic music ♪
Hey.
Harry, I'm getting pretty sick
of people offering me coffee.
How about something
a little stronger?
This is all my fault.
Isn't it?
I didn't do enough
to keep him safe.
It's hard being a father.
Impossible.
You're always gonna
worry about them,
want to make sure they're safe.
That nothing bad
will ever happen to them.
Yeah.
You'd know that
more than anybody.
That feeling
is never gonna go away.
There's always gonna be
some things
that are out of our control.
We can't protect them
from everything.
These guys are the best
at what they do, Aaron.
- Mm.
- Because of you.
They're gonna get Nicky back.
♪ dark, mysterious music ♪
Let me out of here!
I want to go home!
Levi Reed...
former home invasion killer,
soon to be alligator food.
At least I had settled on
the perfect place
to dump the bodies.
That night of my serial killer
birthday,
I wondered,
"What if Levi was right?"
We had the same urges.
The same pleasures.
Was my father's Code
all that kept me from being...
a real monster?
Stop the car, sir.
Shit.
I need that window down, sir.
I've got a body
in the back of the truck.
It's an active crime scene.
There's cops everywhere.
What's your business out here?
♪ suspenseful music ♪
What could be worse?
♪ atmospheric music ♪